[suspenseful music]
DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the Battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the sacred orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now, Drago!
Bakugan, brawl!
THEME SONG: What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Gotta give it your all.
Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
[dramatic music]
So are you sure Gundalia Castle is where
they've got Jake locked up?
Yeah.
It only makes sense.
OK, then, dude.
We'll find out soon enough.
Uh, is something wrong, Ren?
[grumbles]
Jake isn't the only one who needs our help.
Huh?
My old teammates were also betrayed.
I'd like to save them from Barodius.
No way.
They're being held captive in Kazarina's lab
and forced to endure unspeakable things.
That sounds terrible.
OK!
I say we bust everyone out.
We'll split up so we can cover more ground faster.
Ren, you should hit Kazarina's lab since you know the way.
Hah.
Sounds good to me.
Let's do it, then.
Thanks, Dan.
DRAGONOID COLOSSUS: Everyone!
ALL: Huh?
Gundalia is just up ahead.
[suspenseful music]
This place gives me the creeps.
[energetic music]
DAN (VOICEOVER): The Bakugan Battle
Brawlers in \"Infiltrated.\"
[suspenseful music]
Be careful.
Catch you guys later.
REN: We'll meet you back here soon.
Fabia?
Where the heck are you going?
Did you actually think I was gonna
let these guys out of my sight?
I-- uh--
OK, just be careful.
I will.
You coming?
Time to shake things up, guys.
[roaring]
Interesting.
It seems we have unannounced visitors.
I'm guessing they've come to rescue their old friend.
[laughs] How foolish.
Make sure they get a proper welcome.
Yes, sire.
[rock music]
[laughing maniacally]
[suspenseful music]
[energetic music]
Heads up!
[roars]
They're coming at us hard.
Now, Marucho.
BOTH: Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
SHUN: Fight hard, Ventus Hawktor!
MARUCHO: Let's do this, Aquos Akwimos!
Lead the way, Shun.
Hold on really, really tight, Marucho.
Whoo!
OK, our turn to smash stuff, Drago.
Let's do it.
Ready, Dragonoid Colossus?
I am.
Let's try this.
Battle gear boost!
Axator Blasteroid.
[dramatic music]
Sweetness.
Ha!
I'm looking forward to our first battle as a team, Drago.
Me too.
DAN: Kick it, guys.
Engage!
Nice one, fellas.
[dramatic music]
Ugh!
Thank you.
No problem.
This is totally crazy.
Huh?
I must be out of my mind trying
to rescue the very people who fought
so hard to destroy my home.
Why should I care what fate befalls
them, no matter how awful?
Listen here, sister, no one asked you to tag along.
Huh.
Sounds like the princess doesn't trust us after all.
Yeah, you're right.
But I guess I'm giving you guys the benefit
of the doubt because of something Dan
said to me not too long ago.
It's what made me give Ren a chance.
I know the Gundalians are total slime for all
the bad stuff they've done, but you gotta believe me when
I tell you Ren is different.
Seriously, Fabia, he is.
I know that you honestly believe that, Dan,
but I'm just not convinced.
At least not as of yet.
Not yet?
I eventually learned to extend my trust to Ren.
And so far, he hasn't let me down.
I'm willing to help you guys, so don't you dare do anything
to make me regret my decision.
Understand?
Ready to go?
I am.
We need to hurry.
Nurzak's right.
Gundalians are bound to be closing in on us.
Come on, it's just ahead.
We could have been there by now
if you didn't stop every five feet to blab
on about something.
[screeching]
Ability activate!
Ninja Defense Spiral Twister.
OK, Shun.
Let's hit them again.
SHUN: Ability activate!
Sky Fang Thunder Starion.
Rah!
[grunting]
Cool is the rule.
Ability activate!
Shadow Pincer Double.
Yah!
Too deep.
Whoa!
Akwimos, ability activate!
Depth World.
Aw, yeah.
[dramatic music]
Oh, man, they just keep coming.
I'll handle this.
Battle gear boost!
Beamblitzer.
Nukix.
Are you ready to charge Gundalia castle head on, Dan?
Yep.
Ready, fellas?
Time to smash and grab.
Hold tight, Marucho.
MARUCHO: Ready when you are.
Akwimos to Nukix.
Hawktor to Beamblitzer.
Copy that.
10-4.
Oh, yeah!
[grunting]
[explosions]
That's the stuff.
Yeah!
Meta Dragonia.
[energetic music]
He's powerful.
Yes, did you expect anything less from Dragonoid Colossus?
Hmm, I think he would be an interesting addition
to my stable.
You're about to become my new pet, Dragonoid Colossus.
[suspenseful music]
Whoa.
Super creepy.
Thanks a lot for the ride, buddy.
Getting here was the easy part.
Be careful in there, brawlers.
DAN: You bet.
If you were a big, goofy redhead,
where would you be hiding?
MARUCHO: My guess is near the cafeteria--
GUARD: Charge!
[yelling]
This way!
[panting]
Ha!
Just like rats in a maze.
Indeed.
Dan is the one in possession of the guardian of the sacred orb.
We need to separate him from the others.
Can you two handle that?
BOTH: Yes, sire.
Your friends are nothing if not persistent, Jake.
Jake!
We all came to get you, buddy!
Where are you?
[laughs maniacally] Don't they know
they're on a fool's errand?
And then there's the matter of these traitors.
You are going to help me destroy them all, Jake,
and then the Neathians will be helpless to stop me
from seizing the power of the sacred orb.
Do you understand what I'm telling you, Jake?
Yes, Emperor Barodius.
[energetic music]
DAN (VOICEOVER): We've gotta find Jake, Drago.
BARODIUS (VOICEOVER): Bow down to your true master,
you insolent fools!
[panting]
Ah!
Oh, no, Shun.
It just swallowed him up!
Hmm.
Huh?
Oh, no!
We're trapped!
Is this a bad time to tell you I'm claustrophobic?
We're not done yet.
Whoa!
Slip and slide, baby!
Woo-hoo!
Intense.
Huh?
You two?
Why, yes, brawlers.
Prepare to battle.
[growls]
Gate card, set.
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand.
Rise, Pyrus Krakix.
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand.
Rise, Ventus Strikeflier.
No big deal.
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand.
Come on, Akwimos.
Aw, yeah!
Bakugan, brawl!
Ha!
Bakugan, stand.
We can do this, Hawktor.
You bet.
These two are going down hard.
Ability activate.
Deadly Inferno.
[yelling]
Ability activate.
Bolting Fang Slug Shot.
[yelling]
Is that all you have?
Ability activate.
Deadly Nebulous.
[gasps]
Ugh!
That was just the first part.
[roars]
Hawktor!
Akwimos, help him out!
No sweat.
Ability activate.
Heal Blue.
Oh, no!
[growls]
Quick thinking, Marucho.
Ha, ha.
Pipe down.
Ability activate.
Mirage Typhoon.
Ah, my favorite.
[growling]
Over to you, Master Gill.
Ability activate.
Gaia Exclamation.
[energetic music]
[roaring]
BOTH: Ah!
Ugh!
[grunting]
Huh?
Ow!
What the heck is going on around this place?
Shun?
Marucho?
Guys, where you at?
[groaning]
Those guys are a pretty powerful tag team, Shun.
We haven't managed to land a single attack.
We're too busy defending ourselves.
Let's see what we can do about that.
I'll try this one.
Ability activate.
Spiral Pressure.
Sip on this.
How pathetic.
Ability activate.
Green Flash.
[roars]
Whoa!
What the?
How-- how-- how did he do that?
Hawktor!
On it.
COMPUTER: Ready Swayther.
Battle gear boost.
Ha!
[energetic music]
[screeching]
Battle gear ability activate.
Swayther Gekkou.
What is he doing?
Don't worry, I've got him.
What?
Open wide.
[grunting]
Aw, yeah!
We did it, yeah!
How did you like that one, huh?
I can't believe he caught me with my guard down.
Hmm, he just got lucky.
But neither of them are any match for Krakix.
Battle gear boost!
[energetic music]
[roars]
OK, Akwimos.
It's our turn.
COMPUTER: Ready Gigarth.
Let's do it!
Battle gear boost!
[energetic music]
Aw, yeah!
It's two against one, Marucho.
Now is the time.
OK.
SHUN: Battle gear ability activate.
Swayther Gekkou.
Battle gear ability activate!
Gigarth Pointer.
Cool throw, dude.
Oh, no!
Relax.
Gate card, open.
Triumph Burning.
[dramatic music]
Hey! Ooh, that's hot!
Oh, look at the floor.
Toes are on fire now. Ah!
Wa!
BOTH: [grunting]
This isn't good.
[grunts]
[roars]
He used sheer force to disengage the battle gear.
[growling]
The only Bakugan hardy enough to withstand this kind of heat
is Krakix.
Even your battle gear is useless against it.
Oh, man.
Time to say goodbye.
Battle gear ability level 2 activate.
Oh, no!
BOTH: Whoa!
[suspenseful music]
Viser Fire Cloud.
Yah!
[energetic music]
Hey, watch out!
BOTH: [yelling]
Akwimos!
Marucho, we've got to get out of here.
Ha!
They're getting [coughs] away!
Clever rats.
Dude.
I am all kinds of lost inside here.
Another dead end?
Dan, be careful.
What's wrong, buddy?
Whoa!
Ugh!
[yelling]
Huh?
Huh.
[suspenseful music]
Ah.
We meet again, Kuso.
Barodius!
DAN (VOICEOVER): After getting crazy lost
in the depths of Gundalia Castle,
I somehow wound up face-to-face with that creep Barodius.
Naturally, the first thing on our minds was battling,
so we got right to it.
His Bakugan Dharak is a pretty mean customer,
but I don't think he was prepared for the power
that Pyrus Blitz Dragonoid was packing.
Talk about clash with a heavyweight.
This battle action was nothing short of titanic.
Don't take my word for it.
Tune in yourself to see some mega action go down.
That Barodius has one wicked temper.
You might even call it explosive.
[theme music]